UPDATE week0 week4 (#47)
ethereum/zket-core-program: 2024/week0_course_primer.md

3. What distinguishes interactive from non-interactive proofs?
:::

## Practical

> Many zk proof systems are written in Rust. Learn Rust with [Rustlings](https://rustlings.cool/). It's a game with nearly 100 challenges. You are required to finish it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Since many ZK proof systems are written in Rust, take the time to learn Rust with [Rustlings](https://rustlings.cool/). It is a game with nearly 100 challenges. You are required to finish it before the start of the program.
```

Reviewer: Another suggestion here.
